"Belief means not wanting to know what is true."  -- Friedrich Nietzsche
"Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes."  -- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS
"Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence."  -- H. L. Mencken
"Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where, it cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs."  -- Fran Leibowitz
"Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us."  -- Calvin, "Calvin & Hobbes"
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
"Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated."  -- M. C. Reed.
"Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance."  -- Sam Brown, "The Washington Post", January 26, 1977
A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.
"America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization."  -- John O'Hara
"The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not "Eureka!" (I found it!) but "That's funny ...""  -- Isaac Asimov
"Peace, n.: In international affairs, a period of cheating between two periods of fighting."  -- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
"He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue."  -- Andrew Lang
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
"I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to any question."  -- Spock, "This Side of Paradise", stardate 3417.3
"Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich."  -- Napoleon
"Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities."  -- Mark Twain
"Those who intrude on other people's paths of love hit their heads on a corner of tofu and die."  -- Ashiya Mizuki, Hanazakari no Kimitachi E
"If Atheism is a religion, then health is a disease!"  -- Clark Adams
"All Bibles are man-made."  -- Thomas Edison
"I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires."  -- Susan B. Anthony
"An atheist is a man who has no invisible means of support."  -- John Buchan
"If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed."  -- Albert Einstein
"If Jesus had been killed 20 years ago, Catholic school children would be wearing little Electric Chairs around their necks instead of crosses"  -- Lenny Bruce
"Without the presence of eyes, light illuminates nothing...events have no meaning themselves, only the meaning that the mind imposes on them."  -- Trevor Goodchild (AeonFlux)
Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned.
"Faith. n: Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel."  -- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
"The further I get from the things that I care about, The less I care about how much further away I get."  -- Robert Smith
"Ocean. n: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man -- who has no gills."  -- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
"Life is jest and all things show it. I thought so once, but now i know it."  -- Chad Savage
"I am treated as evil by people who claim that they are being oppressed because they are not allowed to force me to practice what they do."  -- D. Dale Gulledge
UNIX is user friendly, it's just picky about who its friends are.
Actually, NT servers are quite secure. You can't hack a server that's down.
"Multiple exclamation marks are a sure sign of a diseased mind."  -- Terry Pratchett, "Eric"
This mail is made of 100% recycled bits.
This is GNU/Linux Country. On a quiet night, you can hear Windows reboot.
"I don't know half of you as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you as well as you deserve."  -- Bilbo, The Lord of the Rings
"The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently."  -- Nietzsche, "The Dawn" (1881)
"The Christian resolution to find the world ugly and bad has made the world ugly and bad."  -- Friedrich Nietzsche
"Here the ways of men part: if you wish to strive for peace of soul and pleasure, then believe; if you wish to be a devotee of truth, then inquire."  -- Friedrich Nietzsche
"I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time."  -- Friedrich Nietzsche
"Buddha says: 'Do not flatter your benefactor!' Repeat this saying in a Christian church: right away it clears the air of everything Christian!"  -- Friedrich Nietzsche
"God is a thought who makes crooked all that is straight."  -- Friedrich Nietzsche, "Thus Spake Zarathustra"
"Pray: To ask the laws of the universe to be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy."  -- Ambrose Bierce
"Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination."  -- Edward Abbey
The only difference between "A Man-Eating Chicken" and "A Man Eating Chicken" is a simple hyphen.
"The world is beautiful, but has a disease called man."  -- Friedrich Nietzsche
"When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained."  -- Mark Twain
"Why should I fear death? If I am, death is not. If death is, I am not. Why should I fear that which cannot exist when I do?"  -- Epicurus
"People think it must be fun to be a super genius, but they don't realize how hard it is to put up with all the idiots in the world."  -- Calvin, "Calvin & Hobbes"
"It's hard to be religious when certain people are never incinerated by bolts of lightning."  -- Calvin, "Calvin & Hobbes"
"Gods are fragile things; they may be killed by a whiff of science or a dose of common sense."  -- Chapman Cohen
"Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret."  -- Ambrose Bierce
"Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night."  -- Edgar Allan Poe
"There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it."  -- Mary Wilson Little
"If we are going to teach 'creation science' as an alternative to evolution, then we should also teach the stork theory as an alternative to biological reproduction."  -- Judith Hayes
"Great minds have purposes, others have wishes. Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them."  -- Washington Irving
"I think, ... there ... 4am!"  -- Kai Krause
"Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months."  -- Oscar Wilde
"From a security perspective, if you're connected, you're screwed."  -- Daniel J. Bernstein
"A book must be the ax for the frozen sea within us."  -- Franz Kafka
"I must say that I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a book."  -- Groucho Marx
"The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense."  -- Tom Clancy
"People disagreeing everywhere you look, makes you wanna stop and read a book."  -- Bob Dylan
"I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library."  -- Jorge Luis Borges
"I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours."  -- Sir Stephen Henry Roberts
"A smoking section in a restauraunt is like having a peeing section in a pool"  -- Dave Broadfoot
"A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you didn’t even know existed can render your own computer unusable."  -- Leslie Lamport
"Our culture doesn't get smarter, it just finds new ways of being retarded."  -- Dora, Questionable Content
"You [a Scientologist], like all religious people, have a neurological disorder. And the only reason why people think it's sane is because so many other people believe the same thing. It's insanity by consensus."  -- Bill Maher
"Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people."  -- Eleanor Roosevelt
"Our species' survival depends on how fast we embrace the moral shift from 'patriot' to 'global citizen'."  -- Chris Anderson, curator of TED
"It is far better to grasp the universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring."  -- Carl Sagan
"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society."  -- Jiddu Krishnamurti
"Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards."  -- Aldous Huxley
"Religion is a crutch for people not strong enough to stand up to the unknown without help."  -- Robert A. Heinlein
"I do not agree with a word you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it."  -- Evelyn Beatrice Hall, summing up Voltaire's beliefs
"God and Country are an unbeatable team; they break all records for oppression and bloodshed."  -- Luis Buquel
"Maybe this world is another planet's hell."  -- Aldous Huxley
"I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate him."  -- Booker T. Washington
"I don't need to be born again. I got it right the first time."  -- Dennis Miller
"Peace is much more precious than a piece of land... let there be no more wars."  -- Mohammed Anwar Sadat, 1918-1981
"Religion is an insult to human dignity. With or without it you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things. But for good people to do evil things, that takes religion."  -- Steven Weinberg
"We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further."  -- Richard Dawkins
"When one person suffers from a delusion, it is called insanity. When many people suffer from a delusion it is called Religion."  -- Robert M. Pirsig
"Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys."  -- P. J. O'Rourke
"The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts."  -- Bertrand Russell
"If we let things terrify us, life will not be worth living."  -- Seneca
"Some cause happiness wherever they go, others whenever they go."  -- Oscar Wilde
"What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make."  -- Jane Goodall
"The major problems in the world are the result of the difference between how nature works and the way people think."  -- Gregory Bateson
"Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful."  -- Seneca
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
"It is better to risk sparing a guilty person than to condemn an innocent one."  -- Voltaire
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it."  -- Aristotle
"If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it will lose that, too."  -- W. Somerset Maugham
"Life is the only flaw in an otherwise perfect nonexistence."  -- Schopenhauer
"I believe in an open mind, but not so open that your brains fall out."  -- Arthur Hays Sulzberger
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the conditions that surround him... The unreasonable man adapts surrounding conditions to himself... All progress depends on the unreasonable man."  -- George Bernard Shaw
"If you could reason with religious people there wouldn't be any religious people."  -- Hugh Laurie
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
